The consort's name is Ma Ji Raksha
Who in the country doesn't know?
You guys continue?
You continue
Well, where did the untouchables come from?
The princess' mansion is not allowed to enter
The villain came from the nest of the Eastern Earth God
I heard that the princess likes lovers' calligraphy and painting
Then come to active duty
There's a horse trail in the house
I really read it to you pariahs, right?
Go away front door
When?
A maid dares to point fingers at me
how
Princess likes piano music and painting green, don't you know?
How dare you be on active duty in front of the mansion
Must have some ability
If you're wrong, how many heads do you have?
I told you to stop bluffing me here
I am Lord Mato's distant second dear
You cunt!
It's bad at first glance
Beat Brother Long to death
Ah third
How did you get across there?
What are you doing there?
Ouch.
How dare you hit me?
Don't hide for me
Come out and fight me
Young Master, please stop teasing them both
Not teasing
Just a small subtotal
So that the big brothers can know that I can draw you.
You look so tolerant
You almost drove me away.
I'll see how you explain it to the princess
You're coming with me.
Hmph, you are Ma Liang, that's right
I don't know yet. It's convenient for girls.
Thanks a lot just now.
Thank me.
I hope you can thank me in two days.
No no no I'm not thanking you for taking me to the palace
I'm thanking you for getting me out of the building